README.md, before:

# Vagrant Hyper-V Gen 2 Centos 7.4 - 1708 AMD 64

This is a Hyper-V generation 2 box with GPT partitioning and nested virtualization. It includes Git, Ansible, Terraform, Chef, Vagrant and VirtualBox.
SELinux and firewall services are disabled by default.

A group called `local` is in the Ansible inventory file `/etc/ansible/hosts` to be used for local provisioning. As of `v22.3.2018`, usage of the `root` user for provisioning is optional.
The password for the `root` user is `vagrant` and the infamous `insecure_private_key` is in `/root/.ssh/authorized_keys`.

You can run Ansible locally on Windows hosts using the `shell` provisioner with `config.ssh.username = "root"` specified in the Vagrantfile.

- [Vagrant Cloud Box without VirtualBox and Vagrant](https://app.vagrantup.com/hauptj/boxes/CentOS74)
- [Vagrant Cloud Box with VirtualBox and Vagrant](https://app.vagrantup.com/hauptj/boxes/CentOS74VB)

Usage:
------

- Export **VAGRANT_SMB_USERNAME**: `$env:VAGRANT_SMB_USERNAME="username"`
- Export **VAGRANT_SMB_PASSWORD**: `$env:VAGRANT_SMB_PASSWORD="password"`


**Vagrantfile**

```
Vagrant.configure("2") do |config|

  config.vm.box = "hauptj/CentOS74"
  # Optional if you wish to use root as the default user
  # config.ssh.username = "root"

  # Optional, SMB folder sharing
  # If you wish to disable SMB share
  # config.vm.synced_folder ".", "/vagrant", disabled: true

  # Configure SMB folder sharing
  config.vm.synced_folder '.', '/vagrant', {
    type: 'smb', mount_options: ['vers=3.0'],
    smb_username: ENV['VAGRANT_SMB_USERNAME'],
    smb_password: ENV['VAGRANT_SMB_PASSWORD']
  }

  config.vm.provider "hyperv" do |hv|
    hv.vmname = "CentOS74"
    # With nested virtualization, at least 2 CPUs are needed.
    hv.cpus = "2"
    # With nested virtualization, at least 4GB of memory is needed.
    hv.memory = "4096"
    # Faster cloning and uses less disk space
    hv.differencing_disk = true
  end
  # Optional, allows you to provision with Ansible locally
  # config.vm.provision "shell", inline: <<-SHELL
  # yum update -y
  # git clone ...
  # ansible-playbook clone_dir/playbook.yml
  SHELL
end
```

**CLI**

```
vagrant init hauptj/CentOS74
vagrant up
```

Commit message:

Added Docker and Google Cloud SDKs

README.md, after:

# Vagrant Hyper-V Gen 2 Centos 7.4 - 1708 AMD 64

This is a Hyper-V generation 2 box with GPT partitioning and nested virtualization. It includes Ansible Roles to install Git, Ansible, Terraform, Chef, Vagrant, VirtualBox, Docker, and the Google Cloud SDK.
SELinux and firewall services are disabled by default.

A group called `local` is in the Ansible inventory file `/etc/ansible/hosts` to be used for local provisioning. As of `v22.3.2018`, usage of the `root` user for provisioning is optional.
The password for the `root` user is `vagrant` and the infamous `insecure_private_key` is in `/root/.ssh/authorized_keys`.

You can run Ansible locally on Windows hosts using the `shell` provisioner with `config.ssh.username = "root"` specified in the Vagrantfile.

- [Vagrant Cloud Box without VirtualBox and Vagrant](https://app.vagrantup.com/hauptj/boxes/CentOS74)
- [Vagrant Cloud Box with VirtualBox and Vagrant](https://app.vagrantup.com/hauptj/boxes/CentOS74VB)

Usage:
------

- Export **VAGRANT_SMB_USERNAME**: `$env:VAGRANT_SMB_USERNAME="username"`
- Export **VAGRANT_SMB_PASSWORD**: `$env:VAGRANT_SMB_PASSWORD="password"`


**Vagrantfile**

```
Vagrant.configure("2") do |config|

  config.vm.box = "hauptj/CentOS74"
  # Optional if you wish to use root as the default user
  # config.ssh.username = "root"

  # Optional, SMB folder sharing
  # If you wish to disable SMB share
  # config.vm.synced_folder ".", "/vagrant", disabled: true

  # Configure SMB folder sharing
  config.vm.synced_folder '.', '/vagrant', {
    type: 'smb', mount_options: ['vers=3.0'],
    smb_username: ENV['VAGRANT_SMB_USERNAME'],
    smb_password: ENV['VAGRANT_SMB_PASSWORD']
  }

  config.vm.provider "hyperv" do |hv|
    hv.vmname = "CentOS74"
    # With nested virtualization, at least 2 CPUs are needed.
    hv.cpus = "2"
    # With nested virtualization, at least 4GB of memory is needed.
    hv.memory = "4096"
    # Faster cloning and uses less disk space
    hv.differencing_disk = true
  end
  # Optional, allows you to provision with Ansible locally
  # config.vm.provision "shell", inline: <<-SHELL
  # yum update -y
  # git clone ...
  # ansible-playbook clone_dir/playbook.yml
  SHELL
end
```

**CLI**

```
vagrant init hauptj/CentOS74
vagrant up
```
